hi everyone thank you again today for
joining me for another video and I
decided I would go ahead and just do
another one and being that I was on a
roll I said I'm gonna go ahead and do
this because I I wanted to mention two
products to go along with foundation if
there are two that I could recommend for
drugstore or somewhere that she could
find not necessarily drugstore but
another product you could pick up
outside of the drugstore that wasn't a
department store I would recommend two
products for loose powders which are
great for setting your foundation after
you put your foundation on if your skin
is not extremely dry or if you're using
one I don't necessarily recommend okay
if you're using the Revlon Colorstay
products those are products you don't
always necessarily need loose powders I
don't use my loose powder I want to use
this because I don't need them at all I
feel like I absolutely don't need this
but um at the same time if you are going
to try those you can still try these two
but I just want to make sure that I
mentioned that about the Revlon
Colorstay which I plan on doing a video
about those but I wanted to mention two
products one is the Maybelline mineral
power natural perfecting foundation
powder now this actually is could be
used as a foundation alone but it is
great to use it as a finishing powder
for your foundation you would just
lightly take it lightly take it and tap
it you know into this like this and you
would then get your brush go like this
swirl it into there cap it off and then
go over top of your your foundation very
lightly now you of course would you know
match it to your skin they have
different colors but this is what I
could recommend to you for a loose
powder for drugstore but I think is good
I think that it's very light it's
breathable you know you don't feel like
it's kicked up on your skin another one
that I've been using for a little while
now and I wasn't sure if I was really
like it but I actually do is the rice
powder it is by the Palladio now this
one is a translucent powder now for me I
find that it really works as a
translucent powder it is you can pick
this up at Sally's or anywhere that this
this is sold sometimes you can find it
at beauty stores where they sell just
you know sometimes the beauty stores
inside them already sell the shampoos or
the nail polish you can find it at the
uLTA Beauty stores you can even go
online you know at the brand it's called
Poletti Oh calm you can find it find it
and just do some research on it if you
don't know where to pick it up at but
you definitely can find that Sally's um
we're Alton Utley but this I have been
very happy with it is very light weight
very very light and as I find also loose
powders that I think work that are not
really expensive I will let you guys
know but it is very very light see how
white that it is it I don't if I'm able
shows to you but see how it looks white
right there now I'm not sure hopefully
okay see it looks like that but as you
rub it in see how it disappears it
disappears and I like that a whole lot
and a lot of times I think my video
shows you that I put it on in these
areas right here but of course I this I
tap it off the same way I put it inside
of here and then I will get a brush put
it on those areas and then I will with
this one I will go like this with the
translucent one now you can do your you
can do this one the same way I just
prefer to I don't know why for some
reason I use a translucent when I tend
to use this this little puff and these
little puffs you can pick up at any
store for like a dollar two dollars Mac
sells them they're more expensive there
so I find these ones for a dollar at
sometimes at this at sometimes of
something like it some of this the Asian
beauty stores that I have found here
which I I love because they have so many
different they sell the NYX products or
NYX however you pronounce it they sell
like some eyelashes they sell purses and
just all kinds of cute stuff earrings
and I love the stores out here
or they have this there's the source
like that so I love this how it's got
the little finger thing I would like a
smaller one as as a finger rest when I'm
doing other people's makeup but this is
great because I just roll it into my
skin but anyways I want it to go ahead
and just do a quick video on this if
you're using liquid foundation you
definitely need to set it I would
recommend these two they are plenty more
out there in the drugstores but I like
these two I find they're very
lightweight this one absolutely doesn't
look cakey and when you put it on you
put it on lightly do not cake it on all
over your face you can also use these
underneath your eyes if you're using
dark foundation I mean excuse me dark
eye shadows on your face dark eye
shadows yes place it underneath their
kind of thick and then as the dark eye
shadow falls onto your face you can then
wipe it off I'm you would just get a
light brush kind of like a fan brush and
you can swipe it off like this so what
you would do is you would just take some
of this and pop it on there and then
actually do your dark eye shadow and it
falls on to here it would fall under
everything you could just wipe it off
like that because it would have come up
there it would be list so anyways I want
to recommend two products and I felt
like these were two products I kind of
want to put out there for the
foundations because I do there was a
some of the products that I did want to
recommend for the drugstore and I've
been using these and I've been quite
happy with them and things have been
working out really well with them and I
wouldn't recommend them if they didn't
work for me and once again these are
just my opinions and it doesn't mean
because necessarily they've been working
great for me reason if you use them you
may say hey I don't like it um so
anyways that's my thought and opinion
about these so you guys hope that you
try them and you like them this rage is
about I think about eight bucks I got
this one for about five dollars still
very affordable compared to department
stores if you've been department stores
and have seen products you know that are
expensive
so anyways okay so I just wanted to give
you a two products that I recommend and
I think are great and thanks for
watching this video guys and have a
great day